README.md, before:


# Personal Portfolio Website

This project is a personal portfolio website that highlights a developer's skills, past projects, and achievements. It includes both public and registered user functionalities. Visitors can explore sections of the website to review the developer's work, while registered users can manage their profiles, upload work samples, and interact with potential employers.

## Features

- **User Registration & Authentication**: Users can register and log in using Firebase Authentication.
- **Profile Management**: Users can create, edit, and display their profiles. Employers can filter candidates based on their skills, experience, and projects.
- **Resume Upload**: Registered users can upload resumes, which are stored in Firebase Storage and linked to their profiles.
- **Data Submission**: Users can submit personal data like skills, projects, experience, and contact information, which are stored in Firebase Firestore.
- **Employer Dashboard**: Employers can search for candidates, filter resumes based on skills, and view detailed candidate information.
- **Responsive Design**: The website is fully responsive, ensuring compatibility with mobile and desktop devices.

## Technologies Used

- **Frontend**: HTML, CSS, JavaScript
- **Backend**: Firebase (Authentication, Firestore, Firebase Storage)
- **Version Control**: Git & GitHub
- 
## How It Works

User Registration & Login: Users can register and log in to access their dashboards.
Resume Upload: Users can upload their resumes and link them to their profiles.
Profile Management: Users can enter additional information like skills, projects, experience, and contact information. This data is saved in Firestore.
Employer Dashboard: Employers can search for candidates by their skills and view their profiles.
Logout: Users can log out of their accounts when they're done.

## Future Features

Personalized Dashboards: Create dashboards that allow users and employers to view and manage more personalized data.
Advanced Search & Filtering: Implement advanced filters and search options for employers to find candidates more easily.
Real-Time Analytics: Display real-time statistics and analytics on profile views and resume downloads.

## Installation

### 1. Clone the Repository
Clone this repository to your local machine using the following command:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/sartik098/Personal Portfolio.git

Commit message:

git commit -m "Added README file and updated project details"

README.md, after:


# Personal Portfolio Website

This project is a personal portfolio website that highlights a developer's skills, past projects, and achievements. It includes both public and registered user functionalities. Visitors can explore sections of the website to review the developer's work, while registered users can manage their profiles, upload work samples, and interact with potential employers.

## Features

- **User Registration & Authentication**: Users can register and log in using Firebase Authentication.
- **Profile Management**: Users can create, edit, and display their profiles. Employers can filter candidates based on their skills, experience, and projects.
- **Resume Upload**: Registered users can upload resumes, which are stored in Firebase Storage and linked to their profiles.
- **Data Submission**: Users can submit personal data like skills, projects, experience, and contact information, which are stored in Firebase Firestore.
- **Employer Dashboard**: Employers can search for candidates, filter resumes based on skills, and view detailed candidate information.
- **Responsive Design**: The website is fully responsive, ensuring compatibility with mobile and desktop devices.

## Technologies Used

- **Frontend**: HTML, CSS, JavaScript
- **Backend**: Firebase (Authentication, Firestore, Firebase Storage)
- **Version Control**: Git & GitHub
- 
## How It Works

User Registration & Login: Users can register and log in to access their dashboards.
Resume Upload: Users can upload their resumes and link them to their profiles.
Profile Management: Users can enter additional information like skills, projects, experience, and contact information. This data is saved in Firestore.
Employer Dashboard: Employers can search for candidates by their skills and view their profiles.
Logout: Users can log out of their accounts when they're done.

## Future Features

Personalized Dashboards: Create dashboards that allow users and employers to view and manage more personalized data.
Advanced Search & Filtering: Implement advanced filters and search options for employers to find candidates more easily.
Real-Time Analytics: Display real-time statistics and analytics on profile views and resume downloads.

## GitHub Repository

You can find the code for this project in my public GitHub repository:

git clone https://github.com/sartik098/Personal Portfolio.git
